# TinyTroupeSimulation

<ul>
  <li>Class: CS676 Algorithms for Data Science</li>
  <li>Student: Joshua Gottlieb</li>
  <li>ID: U01999343</li>
  <li>Project 02: TinyTroupe Simulation</li>
</ul>

## Deliverable 1 Content

Content for deliverable 1 is available under [src/deliverable-01](https://github.com/JoshuaGottlieb/TinyTroupeSimulation/tree/main/src/deliverable-01). Included are screenshots showing the installation of the [TinyTroupe package](https://github.com/microsoft/TinyTroupe), as well as the creation of multiply TinyPersons, user-agent interactions via the listen_and_act() method, and agent-agent interactions using a TinyWorld. The usage of the TinyTroupe package is also viewable in a Jupyter notebook.

## Deliverable 2 Content

Content for deliverable 2 is available under [src/deliverable-02](https://github.com/JoshuaGottlieb/TinyTroupeSimulation/tree/main/src/deliverable-02). Included is the code for a Streamlit application and helper funcitons. The model is deployed on [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/spaces/joshua-gottlieb/Dual-Agent-Interview-Simulation). The code uses the [Duel Agent Simulation](https://huggingface.co/spaces/eagle0504/duel-agent-simulation) by Yiqiao Yin as a base but has modified it to simulate a technical interview where the interviewer asks a progamming question and the interviewee must respond by explaining their thought process and writing sample code. At the end of the simulation, the user is prompted to provide a file name and can download all of the final code functions that were generated during the simulation.

## Deliverable 3 Content

Content for deliverable 3 is available under [src/deliverable-03](https://github.com/JoshuaGottlieb/TinyTroupeSimulation/tree/main/src/deliverable-03). This deliverable features ModelBot, an agentic helper designed to assist non-technical users with performing regression or classification on csv data. This deliverable is still undergoing updates. Currently, the ModelBot can be run through a terminal window or Jupyter Notebook, with some known limitations listed in the directory README. Test data is provided for testing ModelBot's functionality, as well as a sample report for a classification task generated by the agent. Future plans are to add functionality, remove some known bugs, wrap the program in a Streamlit front-end, and to incorporate FastAPI to allow standup of the function in a localhost environment to simulate a more production-ready API implementation.
